README.md, before:

# To-Do App

This is a simple and efficient to-do app that allows you to manage your tasks in a convenient way. With the ability to save all your tasks in the local storage, you never have to worry about losing your progress.

The app is deployed and can be accessed at [To-Do App](https://sergey-ladorski-to-do-app.netlify.app).

## Features

### Add, Delete, and Mark Tasks as Completed

Adding tasks to your to-do list is a breeze with this app. Simply enter the task details and hit the add button. If you no longer need a task, you can easily delete it with just one click. Additionally, you can mark tasks as completed to keep track of your progress.

### Multi-Tab Functionality

The app offers a unique multi-tab feature, allowing you to create separate lists for different purposes. This means you can easily organize your tasks and focus on specific areas of your life or work.

### Clean All Tasks in a Certain Tab

Sometimes, you may want to start fresh or remove all the completed tasks from a particular tab. This app provides a clean all tasks feature that allows you to do just that. With one simple action, you can declutter your to-do list and maintain a clean and organized workspace.

### Tab Deletion

Users can also delete entire tabs, removing all tasks associated with them. This feature helps users declutter their workspace and maintain a clean and organized to-do list.

### Local Storage

All tasks are automatically saved in the browser's local storage, ensuring that users can access their tasks even after closing the app.

## Installation

To run the app locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

   git clone https://github.com/CodeSpellcaster/to-do-app.git

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   cd react-to-do-app

3. Install the dependencies:

   npm install

4. Start the development server:

   npm dev

5. Open the app in your browser:

   http://127.0.0.1:5173/

## Technologies Used

- React
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions or improvements, please create a pull request.

Commit message:

docs: update README with edit option

README.md, after:

# To-Do App

This is a simple and efficient to-do app that allows you to manage your tasks in a convenient way. With the ability to save all your tasks in the local storage, you never have to worry about losing your progress.

The app is deployed and can be accessed at [To-Do App](https://sergey-ladorski-to-do-app.netlify.app).

## Features

### Add, Edit, Delete, and Mark Tasks as Completed

Adding tasks to your to-do list is a breeze with this app. Simply enter the task details and hit the add button. If you no longer need a task, you can easily delete it with just one click. Additionally, you can mark tasks as completed to keep track of your progress.

Adding tasks to your to-do list is a breeze with this app. Simply enter the task details and hit the add button. If you no longer need a task, you can easily delete it with just one click. Additionally, you can mark tasks as completed to keep track of your progress. What's more, you can edit existing tasks to modify their details whenever needed.

### Multi-Tab Functionality

The app offers a unique multi-tab feature, allowing you to create separate lists for different purposes. This means you can easily organize your tasks and focus on specific areas of your life or work.

### Clean All Tasks in a Certain Tab

Sometimes, you may want to start fresh or remove all the completed tasks from a particular tab. This app provides a clean all tasks feature that allows you to do just that. With one simple action, you can declutter your to-do list and maintain a clean and organized workspace.

### Tab Deletion

Users can also delete entire tabs, removing all tasks associated with them. This feature helps users declutter their workspace and maintain a clean and organized to-do list.

### Local Storage

All tasks are automatically saved in the browser's local storage, ensuring that users can access their tasks even after closing the app.

## Installation

To run the app locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

   git clone https://github.com/CodeSpellcaster/to-do-app.git

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   cd react-to-do-app

3. Install the dependencies:

   npm install

4. Start the development server:

   npm dev

5. Open the app in your browser:

   http://127.0.0.1:5173/

## Technologies Used

- React
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions or improvements, please create a pull request.
